OK, so in the previous five, we have covered about all the functionalities offered up by turns, the
text field, the add download button and to verify that you are in, we have like 10 cell level functionalities.
So check that whether that dog download to be downloaded, you are at least valid or not.
The DTP control check, the lower case check and all of the check we have looked up.
Fill in the bar, fight off this download manager to file now.
In this part, we are going to like check.
We have to like update simply the buttons.
You can see that initially we have pause and cancel button enable when we selected are already downloading
files.
Suppose that we have bought the file, then this highlight is going to be deferred.
If a file is paused, then the resume button on the console button will be highlighted.
Only the pause button will not highlight.
So that button here and I think is going to differ in according to this date.
So there are several states where it is downloading.
It is paused, it is error and it is like arrogance and completed.
So basically, we have four sites off status for each download you.
So this is performing all that only we have to update the buttons highlight according to what is their
status.
So we have four status.
Yes, we have discussed downloading, paused, edit and complete.
So complete is going to be set as the default like case of this switch statement.
We are using this switch statement to like switch to the highlight according to the status of the buttons.
So yes, if the selected download is not null, this means that we are not selecting our role.
The selection is made so according to the status of that selected below, the buttons are going to be
enabled.
So suppose if we have selected or like a row which is already downloading, then the pause and cancel
by then are set to enable and the two are set to false, which means that that assuming here button
are to be set as disabled, so are downloading.
Similarly, for the first state, we have already discussed that the pause button was set to disable
and only resume and cancel button will be enabled for our first date and for that, as did only the
resume and the clear button will bug like like suppose I don't advice.
We have discussed it in the working part, so if error arise, then we have to like simply assume that
it is not going to work in any way.
One only once it is going to work, like suppose that that is a break in your network.
The internet is not working correctly, then if it state will ensure you try to like, disconnect and
connect to your network.
Then if you hit on the resume button, then we can assume that yes, the download can again start if
there was an issue, but otherwise it is not going to like, perform anything.
The resume button will not work if the link is broken or there is a problem with the file inside the
loop.
So yeah, this is for their part and by default, if the download is complete and that everything is
set so forth despite this clear button.
So yes, suppose that we have this hundred percent downloaded file, then if we will select this, then
only the play button will be set to enable the style of the train will be disabled for a completed state.
OK.
And also for the cancelled stage, so we can like cancer learning download in the windows, which is
going to work in a similar way of a complete download.
So only the Tiergarten is going to be nimble as so whatever none of the fall.
So those are selected, then all the writers will be said us like we have in our slides.
We have not selected all the better software to disable this elastic windows doing that only now.
So what if that download is completed?
So we have to update No.
10's According to that, we are using this update button's function, which we have declared over.
So we are like, Yes, this is the data button's function.
We are going to call this update button function.
If software download selected is not null and we are selecting, that is a file is going to be selected
now.
What is going to be performed?
So this is going to update this is update button's function.
This is update function.
So the fire file in the window is going to be updated according to this function.
Now, at last, we are like setting things to the frame.
So this is the main file which will be responsible for testing and running of the application.
So to run in order to run this download manager.
We have to add like this to the bar.
We are using this manager object.
This download manager is the name of our class.
This manager is the object.
This new download manager is going to be run whenever, whenever we even try to run Java for this class.
And so this manager will show once the file will be executable, an image can be displayed on this task
bar.
So we have to like add this image to our folder.
So I am just just simply dragging and dropping used in this folder as well.
All the important file size, though, because instead of inside this folder only.
So I added this download icon button.
You can see this.
I can head also.
So we have added this now whenever this application will run.
Then this icon will be displayed on the top of the page and the taskbar.
So yes, we have our image icon.
We have sex like an image.
So this is for hoping that I can manage.
It is going to be shown on a window whenever we will run this class.
Download manager.
So as far I can see that that we have covered everything inside this download manager class and all
the functionalities and still be attached.
So we have like successfully added everything to the frame, the add functionality to the button.
We have added this progress bar.
We have checked the urine and everything like this download within that text field is covered already.
Now we have like a second step to be perform is to create a progress renderer class inside this SIRC
folder as well.
So progress then there is going to recover the Progress Bar, which is displaying the functionality
for like a percentage of tasks on whether it is zero percent or it is completed, then it is showing
100 percent.
So yes, so we have imported all the packages which are going to be required inside this problem surrender
class.
This progress render classes responsible for this column, this specific column of the table.
And we are going to cover the progress renderer in this separate class as it is the most important column
of overall table.
So what like this?
Progress ended is continuously increasing, so we have to set everything according to this, this renderer.
So inside this?
Plus, I am going to show it's like extending it to a day progress by and with the help of this.
Okay, so this day, Progress Bar is a component of the singularity.
We have extended it on.
The swing is already highlighted.
So yes, this is a.
Java swing component that means you really displayed the progress of some tasks.
So we have components for everything inside this library, things victims so simple.
With the help of these things, so OK.
So inside this, they are going to implement.
OK, so what?
We are going to implement table surrender.
So we're having cells inside their table for progress, and that cell is going to increase whenever
the download is going to be performed.
So tables cell renderer is going to be implemented now inside this from Brad class.
We are going to go like initialize a constructor for progress.
And so it is going to be done like public progress renderer.
And here it is.
And inside this, we are going to are like initialized two arguments in the mean and mass.
So now progress renderer is starting from zero and going up 200.
So yes, the progress render object is created now so far is going to be like display the min and max
data.
The progress render object.
So I say I don't move to this constructive thing.
Now our next concern is to politely turn this progress as the end of it for a given day.
And so we are having separate progress on this for all their downloads, which are taking place.
So you can see that here we have like separated from this dangerous for all the files.
So we are using the about one issuing 22 percent on the bill and issuing 10 12 percent.
So yes, we have to return for every specific hurdle.
So creating a component?
Like, if there's going to be a functioning public component and this component is going to get to that
specific stable cell.
Babel said it is.
Everything is to return in Cameron's case, so cable cell components.
It is like a random, terrible cell renderer component.
We have gone inside this function.
We are going to add dutiable.
Table and object, which is going to be the value of that specific provenance, suppose whatever the
person is.
And a Boolean which is doing that is selecting.
So the highlight is going to be a bit different if that rule is selected.
So it is to be written together.
So there are 2D functionalities inside this function.
OK, so after this, we have to we have three more like things of focus and column to attach that also.
OK, so we have like imported all the functionalities of this good stable surrender component.
So there are stable value, is selected, has focused through and gone.
So the progress bar is going to be a unique sell for all the unique downloads taking place for this.
For this, and it is going to have a focus specific role as specific column of the company table.
And also, everything is going to be covered in that order.
So we are setting up purchasing component for the Progress Bar, which is going to be our float value.
So we're taking percentages as float is our healthy practice, so send a value in.
So this is for the person 10, which is going to be displayed in the province that are interesting.
So by far, we have covered all the things in the download manager class and the progress render class
as well.
We have covered our two classes of this project till now.
Now there are now two more classes that are need to be covered as well the table model class and the
other functionalities of their table, like the size, the speed, the time and the status bar, and
we are going to call that class simply down.
So yes, there are two more classes to be covered after this.
So we will see that in the next part.